README.md, before:

# 🇨🇦 Canada Data Analytics Platform
> Data analysis and visualization project for extracting insights from Canadian datasets.

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.11-blue)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-Data-blueviolet)
![PowerBI](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerBI-Dashboard-yellow)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rohitkedare2830/canada-data-analytics-platform)
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/rohitkedare2830/canada-data-analytics-platform)

---

## 📌 Overview

This project focuses on analyzing structured datasets related to Canadian infrastructure and economic indicators. It demonstrates data cleaning, transformation, visualization, and insight generation using Python and BI tools.

---

## 🏗️ Workflow

Raw Dataset → Data Cleaning → Transformation → Analysis → Visualization → Insights


---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack
- **Language:** Python  
- **Data Processing:** Pandas, NumPy  
- **Visualization:** Power BI, Matplotlib  
- **Tools:** Git, Jupyter  

---

## 🚀 Features
- Data cleaning and normalization
- Exploratory data analysis (EDA)
- Dashboard-driven insights
- Trend identification and reporting

---

## 📊 Insights Generated
- **Infrastructure growth trends**
- **Regional comparison analytics**
- **KPI-driven reporting**

> ✅ These insights enable data-driven decision-making and performance monitoring.

---

## 🔮 Future Enhancements
- **Automated ETL pipelines**
- **Cloud data warehouse integration**
- **Real-time dashboards**

---

## 🛠️ Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rohitkedare2830/canada-data-analytics-platform.git
cd canada-data-analytics-platform
pip install -r requirements.txt
``` 


👨‍💻 Author
Rohit Kedare
📧 Email: rohitkedare12@gmail.com
🔗 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rohit-kedare-a552a11b4

Commit message:

add analytics project README with dashboards and insights
Updated author section with a new heading and added a note for collaboration.

README.md, after:

# 🇨🇦 Canada Data Analytics Platform
> Data analysis and visualization project for extracting insights from Canadian datasets.

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.11-blue)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-Data-blueviolet)
![PowerBI](https://img.shields.io/badge/PowerBI-Dashboard-yellow)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rohitkedare2830/canada-data-analytics-platform)
![Last Commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/rohitkedare2830/canada-data-analytics-platform)

---

## 📌 Overview

This project focuses on analyzing structured datasets related to Canadian infrastructure and economic indicators. It demonstrates data cleaning, transformation, visualization, and insight generation using Python and BI tools.

---

## 🏗️ Workflow

Raw Dataset → Data Cleaning → Transformation → Analysis → Visualization → Insights


---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack
- **Language:** Python  
- **Data Processing:** Pandas, NumPy  
- **Visualization:** Power BI, Matplotlib  
- **Tools:** Git, Jupyter  

---

## 🚀 Features
- Data cleaning and normalization
- Exploratory data analysis (EDA)
- Dashboard-driven insights
- Trend identification and reporting

---

## 📊 Insights Generated
- **Infrastructure growth trends**
- **Regional comparison analytics**
- **KPI-driven reporting**

> ✅ These insights enable data-driven decision-making and performance monitoring.

---

## 🔮 Future Enhancements
- **Automated ETL pipelines**
- **Cloud data warehouse integration**
- **Real-time dashboards**

---

## 🛠️ Installation

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rohitkedare2830/canada-data-analytics-platform.git
cd canada-data-analytics-platform
pip install -r requirements.txt
``` 

---

👨‍💻 Author

📫 Connect With Me
- 📧 Email: rohitkedare12@gmail.com  
- 🔗 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/rohit-kedare-a552a11b4  

⭐ Feel free to explore my projects or reach out for collaboration and opportunities.
